
# Ridiculous Game with Random Alphabet

This C++ program simulates a two-player word game with specific rules. Players take turns submitting words starting with specific letters, aiming to create valuable words while adhering to the game's constraints. The game consists of three rounds, and the player with the most valuable words wins each round.

## Game Rules

1. The game starts with a random alphabet character generated by the computer.
2. Player1 submits a word starting with the provided random character.
3. Player2 submits a word starting with the last character of the previous player's word.
4. Players alternate turns submitting words for three rounds.
5. If a player repeats a word or violates the rules, they lose the game.
6. Word value is determined by alphabetical order and length.
7. The player with the more valuable word wins each round.
8. The player with the most round wins the entire game.

## How to Play

1. Compile the C++ code using a C++ compiler (e.g., g++).
2. Run the compiled executable.
3. Follow the prompts to input words for each player in each round.
4. The program will determine the winner of each round and the overall game winner.

## Prerequisites

- C++ Compiler (e.g., g++)
- Basic understanding of command-line tools

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/aghdasim/Ridiculous-Alphabetical-Game.git

## Example

Here's an example of a game session:

```
Start with random alphabet: r
Player 1: rabbit
Player 2: turtle
Player 1: elephant
Player 2: tiger
Player 1: raccoon
Player 2: narwhal
Player 1 ***** you win *****

```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvement, feel free to submit a pull request.


## Acknowledgments

This project was inspired by the idea of creating a fun and challenging word game. Thanks to the open-source community for providing resources and inspiration.

Remember to compile and run the program in a C++ environment. Enjoy the ridiculous game!
